.TH "REGISTRIES" "1" " " "Brent Baude" "May 2017"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
registries \- parses a YAML configuration file for registries


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBregistries\fP
[\fB\-h\fP|\fB\-\-help\fP]
[\fB\-i\fP][\fB\-\-input\fP]
[\fB\-j\fP][\fB\-\-json\fP]
[\fB\-o\fP][\fB\-\-output\fP]
[\fB\-V\fP][\fB\-\-variable\fP]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
\fBregistries\fP parses a YAML configuration file about registries and has the
ability to output in string or JSON formats.  By default, \fB\fCregistries\fR will
put its output to stdout in string format.  The output is primarily for other
programs.


.SH OPTIONS:
.PP
\fB\-h\fP \fB\-\-help\fP
Print usage statement

.PP
\fB\-i\fP \fB\-\-input\fP
Allows you to specify a different path and name for a YAML input file.  It
overrides the default configuration file of \fB\fC/etc/containers/registries.conf\fR.

.PP
\fB\-j\fP \fB\-\-json\fP
Specifies the output be in JSON format.  The default is to output as a string.

.PP
\fB\-o\fP \fB\-\-output\fP
Redirects the output from stdout to a file. This option is useful when your
program requires its input come from a file (i.e. Systemd Environment files).

.PP
\fB\-V\fP \fB\-\-variable\fP
This option allows you to specify a variable name in the final output.  The contents
of the variable will also be quoted.  It can only be used when writing to
an output file.  For example, a \fB\fC\-\-variable\fR of
\fB\fCREGISTRIES\fR will result in the output format to be like:

.PP
.RS

.nf
     REGISTRIES="OUTPUT"

.fi
.RE

.PP
This option is useful for putting the contents into a SystemD Environment file
for use by a SystemD service.


.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
To parse the default file location and obtain a result to stdout in string
format:

.PP
.RS

.nf
# registries

.fi
.RE

.PP
To parse the default file location and obtain a result to stdout as JSON:

.PP
.RS

.nf
# registries \-j

.fi
.RE

.PP
To parse the default file location and write the results to a file and insert
a variable that can be exported.

.PP
.RS

.nf
# registries \-o /tmp/foo \-V registries

.fi
.RE

.PP
You can also use the \-i command line switch to read in a file other than the
default input file:

.PP
.RS

.nf
# registries \-i /tmp/new\_file

.fi
.RE


.SH HISTORY
.PP
May 2017, Originally compiled by Brent Baude (bbaude at redhat dot com)
